docs(python): Improve `before_send` docs (#11289)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/configuration/filtering/index.mdx

### Using <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" />

The `before_send` callback allows you to modify the event payload before the SDK sends the event to Sentry. You can also stop the event from being sent by returning `None`.

The callback receives two arguments: the event payload and a [hint](#event-hints). The callback can return either the event payload to send to Sentry or `None` if the event should be dropped.

> Since the SDK sends to Sentry the exact payload that the callback returns, the callback can perform arbitrary modifications to the event payload, including adding data to the event and modifying or deleting existing event fields. It is even possible to use `before_send` to construct a completely different event payload from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the SDK sends to Sentry the exact payload that the callback returns, the callback can perform arbitrary modifications to the event payload, including adding data to the event and modifying or deleting existing event fields.
```

I would not tell users this, so they do not have bad ideas :-)

#### Example `before_send`

Suppose that you wish prevent all errors of type `ZeroDivisionError` from being sent to Sentry and that you want to set an additional data attribute called `"foo"` to `"bar"` on all other events. You can achieve this behavior with the following `before_send` callback.

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.types import Event, Hint

def my_before_send(event: Event, hint: Hint) -> Event:
    # Filter out all ZeroDivisionError events.
    # Note that the exception type is available in the hint,
    # but we should handle the case where the exception info
    # is missing.
    if hint.get("exc_info", [None])[0] == ZeroDivisionError:
        return None

    # We can set extra data on the event's "extra" field.
    event["extra"]["foo"] = "bar"

    # We have modified the event as desired, so return the event.
    # The SDK will then send the returned event to Sentry.
    return event

sentry_sdk.init(

>     # ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # ...

```

Consistency is king!

### Using <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" />

The `before_send` callback allows you to modify the event payload before the SDK sends the event to Sentry. You can also stop the event from being sent by returning `None`.

The callback receives two arguments: the event payload and a [hint](#event-hints). The callback can return either the event payload to send to Sentry or `None` if the event should be dropped.

> Since the SDK sends the same payload to Sentry that the callback returns, the callback can perform arbitrary modifications to the event payload, including adding data to the event and modifying or deleting existing event fields.

Reviewer 2: The first part took me a bit to parse. We could simplify to something like:

```suggestion
Any modifications to the event payload done in the callback, including adding data to the event and modifying or deleting existing event fields, will be reflected in Sentry.
```

The callback receives two arguments: the event payload and a [hint](#event-hints). The callback can return either the event payload to send to Sentry or `None` if the event should be dropped.

> Since the SDK sends to Sentry the exact payload that the callback returns, the callback can perform arbitrary modifications to the event payload, including adding data to the event and modifying or deleting existing event fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since the SDK sends the same payload to Sentry that the callback returns, the callback can perform arbitrary modifications to the event payload, including adding data to the event and modifying or deleting existing event fields.
```
